TODO

Priority: Sometimes enemy bullets are colliding as soon as they shoot (try creating the bullets outside the enemy like you do with the player). Also add field of view (so they dont shoot from behind obstacle)
	- field of view for ALL enemies will require updating seesPlayer to consider obstacles (false if sight hits obstacle before it hits player)
	- animate shooters

1. Random Map Generation
 - make enemy positions in ogmo POTENTIAL positsions, then depending on where the player comes in from, dont spawn the close enemies
 - add parts to rooms (
 - add attributes to rooms (
 - create map object that consists of rooms
	- rooms must connect correctly (no doors leading nowhere)
	- it must choose from a list of rooms based on their attributes
 - randomly genreate rooms when a new map is created

2. Pathfinding- use flxTileMap.find path BUT you have to make markers in the tile map with ogmo for EVERYTHING so ai can avoid everything

3. generate random dungeon and floor name, maybe random player names

4. replace art

5. 
GENERATE MAP- REWARD after all enemies dead, destructable tile, not all rooms need 4 doors, enemies that just wander, enemy bullets, put in right part of room
have some enemy tiles be certain enemy, other tiles can be random enemy (so certain maps have a certain enemy configuration), room remember if beaten
set a variable in the room to flag you have beaten, and when that flag is set you can also spawn reward for just beating room
PATHFINDING- override FlxBaseTileMap.findmap to include entities from omgoloader not just walls, and then how to use what it returns (how to use paths)

BUGS
1. random bullet angle bug
2. enemgy teleport to you when hit bug


content/story ideas
first meet pen, gives you letter, then met pal. Give him letter for reward, maybe back and forth letters. Maybe even between lives.

Every floor you can help an npc and then you can summon them for that floor boss

activated in room adds extreme offensive buff and speed, adds one second for every enemy you kill. Maybe it an ult activated, not just a normal activated item

player has two activated generic damage dealingish abilities (q and e) and one utility ability (shift) that can be upgraded or changed in the game or by choosing a differenct character. These have timing/ammo that determine how much you can use them.
Player also has an ult ability (space) that you can get rarely, or maybe get after reaching a certain point in the run. Instead of the time/ammo, the ult has a charge that builds by defeating enemies or doing certain points (like beating a boss)

Perhaps characters also start out with certain passives, but passives or certain strengths can also be found throguhout the game

Characters definitely have different starting stats, maybe different stat scaling?

